Fix typos, formatting and links in import-etl docs and update README.md (#291)
GenomicsDB/GenomicsDB: docs/import-etl.rst

###############################
GenomicsDB supports importing genomics data in several common formats, and with a variety of methods.

> GenomicsDB can ingest data in VCF, gVCF, BCF, gBCFand CSV formats. When importing VCFs or gVCFs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GenomicsDB can ingest data in VCF, gVCF, BCF, gBCF and CSV formats. When importing VCFs or gVCFs,
```
missing a space. Also, is there such a thing as a gBCF?? TIL!

Author: No idea. Just picked it up from later in the document - see https://genomicsdb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/import-etl.html#vcf-gvcf. I can remove it if there is no such beast!
